For this ultra deep brand new project again with Expo expo in it and then the name of your choice and
I'll name it are in complete guide because in the end this is a complete wreck native guide what you've
got here and I'll start with the blank template here Soledad.
First option Mike is here regarding the name I'll named as R and guide but you can choose any name you
want here is simply hit enter and I'll go with NPM not with yarn and now just as in the first core section.
This will create a new project and set up by react native app in there.
So let's wait for this to finish and with it finished.
You could follow these instructions but I'll not do this here instead here I am back in Visual Studio
code still with my first app from the first section opened and I'll open the new one now.
The one we just created and here is the project open up individual pseudocode.
I walked through all the core files and folders we have here in the first course modules so not repeat
this here.
And with that opened up here invidious pseudocode I'll now actually go to the menu and then choose terminal
new terminal to open up my system terminal or a system command prompt depending on which operating system
you're working on here in the eye to eat.
So that's your normal command prompt your normal terminal just integrated into the I.T. and already
navigated into that project folder so you don't need to use to navigate anywhere else.
And now here I'll run NPM start and this will do the same as if I would have run it here.
The difference is now I always see errors or any log messages directly here in the I.T. which is more
convenient to work with.
We still got that process which you should keep on running to get these live updates when you save something.
You see the commands you can type your or the shortcuts you can press to launch your app on emulators
and you also have that browser tab up and running here for your application the export dev tools.
Now I got to emulators up and running your Android and I guess you don't need that of course but I want
to show you how does Apple Juice and both.
And it can run this app on Android by pressing a here in the terminal and I can run it on I w too by
pressing I and I did both here.
Alternatively we could have used these buttons here in the Expo dev tools in the browser.
So now it is launching the app here on these devices on the android and Iowa simulator and I'll be back
once it is finished because the first launch always takes a bit longer.
Subsequent rebuilds reloads are way faster of course and here we get that starting app or running on
these emulators.
Now in case that looks a bit different for you attached you find my starting Project in exactly the
same way I have it here so that you can all use that.
Replace the files in your project with mine.
And then if you run NPM start get well this look here.
So this is the starting project will now build up on and will now work on.